README.md, before:

# Minimal

- This repo contains the config files of various programs that I use.
- The commands given below assumes that you are using Arch Linux or a distro based on Arch.
- These files are to be modified according to your needs and use cases.
- The .asoundrc file is to set the default audio card. Please do not use that file unless absolutely required.
- Autostart of picom has been removed in the recent config to reduce memory usage. The picom config file can be deleted along with .asoundrc if required 
## Screenshot 

![alt text](https://github.com/Bharath-5/Minimal/blob/master/XMonadScreenshot.png?raw=true)

## Installation
1. Clone this repository, go to the cloned directory and delete the .asoundrc file

```
        git clone https://github.com/Bharath-5/Minimal; cd Minimal; rm ./.asoundrc
```

2. Install the contrib package and xmobar to go along with XMonad. My config file defaults to URxvt as the default terminal.


```
        sudo pacman -S dmenu rxvt-unicode xmonad xmonad-contrib xmobar 
```


* Make backups of any existing configs and copy the cloned configs 


```
        cp ~/.xmonad/xmonad.hs ~/.xmonad/xmonad-backup.hs

        cp ~/xmobar/xmobar.config ~/xmobar/xmobar-backup.config   

        cp ./.xmonad/xmonad.hs ~/.xmonad/

        cp ./xmobar/xmobar.config ~/xmobar/
```


3. Install Additional Software

```
        sudo pacman -S pcmanfm picom qutebrowser scrot telegram-desktop ttf-font-awesome ttf-fira-code

        sudo pacman -S alsa-utils brightnessctl celluloid gparted neofetch pulseaudio ranger w3m wget youtube-dl
```

4. Install an AUR helper [preferably Yay] to install Joplin and a theme

```
        yay -S joplin flat-remix paper-icon-theme-git
```

5. Make a backup copy of your existing .Xresources and .picom.conf [if any] from your Home directory

```
        cp ~/.Xresources ~/.Xresources-backup

        cp ~/.picom.conf ~/.picom-backup.conf
```

6. Place the files .Xresources and .picom.conf in Home directory

```
        mv ./Xresources ~

        mv ./picom.conf ~
```

## Usage

- Most of my frequently used programs are mapped to the [Super] + Function keys. The applications open up in their respective workspaces. The workspaces are categorized as follows:

| Workspace number | Description | Keymappings |
|:----------------:|:-----------:|:-----------:|
| 1 | Browser | [Super] + F1 opens Qutebrowser | 
| 2 | File Manager | [Super] + F2 opens PcManFm |
| 3 | Terminal / Terminal based applications | [Super] + [Shift] + [Enter] opens URxvt |
| 4 | Office Programs	| [Super] + F4 opens LibreOffice |
| 5 | General	| [Super] + p opens dmenu |	
| 6 | Notes | [Super] + F6 opens Joplin |
| 7 | Social | [Super] + F7 opens Telegram |
| 8 | Other | |
| 9 | Misc | |

- Most other keybindings are as close to their defaults

Commit message:

Uploaded Qtile config, it'sscreenshot and testing out few other things

README.md, after:

# Minimal

- This repo contains the config files of various programs that I use.
- The commands given below assumes that you are using Arch Linux or a distro based on Arch.
- These files are to be modified according to your needs and use cases.
- The .asoundrc file is to set the default audio card. Please do not use that file unless absolutely required.
- Autostart of picom has been removed in the recent config to reduce memory usage. The picom config file can be deleted along with .asoundrc if required
 
## Screenshot 

1. XMonad
![alt text](https://github.com/Bharath-5/Minimal/blob/master/XMonadScreenshot.png?raw=true)

2. Qtile
![alt text](https://github.com/Bharath-5/Minimal/blob/master/QtileScreenshot.png?raw=true)

## Installation
1. Clone this repository, go to the cloned directory and delete the .asoundrc file

```
        git clone https://github.com/Bharath-5/Minimal; cd Minimal; rm ./.asoundrc
```

2. Install the contrib package and xmobar to go along with XMonad. My config file defaults to URxvt as the default terminal.


```
        sudo pacman -S dmenu rxvt-unicode xmonad xmonad-contrib xmobar 
```

- For Qtile, replace "xmonad xmonad-contrib xmobar" with "qtile"


* Make backups of any existing configs and copy the cloned configs 


```
        cp ~/.xmonad/xmonad.hs ~/.xmonad/xmonad-backup.hs

        cp ~/xmobar/xmobar.config ~/xmobar/xmobar-backup.config   

        cp ./.xmonad/xmonad.hs ~/.xmonad/

        cp ./xmobar/xmobar.config ~/xmobar/
```

- For Qtile, replace the above commands with the following commands

```
	cp ./qtile/* ~/.config/qtile/
```

3. Install Additional Software

```
        sudo pacman -S pcmanfm picom qutebrowser scrot telegram-desktop ttf-font-awesome ttf-fira-code

        sudo pacman -S alsa-utils brightnessctl celluloid lxappearance gparted neofetch pulseaudio ranger w3m wget youtube-dl
```

4. Install an AUR helper [preferably Yay] to install Joplin and a theme

```
        yay -S joplin flat-remix paper-icon-theme-git
```

5. Make a backup copy of your existing .Xresources and .picom.conf [if any] from your Home directory

```
        cp ~/.Xresources ~/.Xresources-backup

        cp ~/.picom.conf ~/.picom-backup.conf
```

6. Place the files .Xresources and .picom.conf in Home directory

```
        mv ./.Xresources ~

        mv ./.picom.conf ~
```

## Usage

- Most of my frequently used programs are mapped to the [Super] + Function keys. The applications open up in their respective workspaces [in XMonad]. The workspaces are categorized as follows:

| Workspace number | Description | Keymappings |
|:----------------:|:-----------:|:-----------:|
| 1 | Browser | [Super] + F1 opens Qutebrowser | 
| 2 | File Manager | [Super] + F2 opens PcManFm |
| 3 | Terminal / Terminal based applications | [Super] + [Shift] + [Enter] opens URxvt |
| 4 | Office Programs	| [Super] + F4 opens LibreOffice |
| 5 | General	| [Super] + p opens dmenu |	
| 6 | Notes / Email | [Super] + F6 opens Thunderbird |
| 7 | Social | [Super] + F7 opens Telegram |
| 8 | Other | |
| 9 | Misc | |

- Most other keybindings are as close to their defaults
